Craigslist and Google Maps Mashup Thingy: Day 8 – CakePHP Routing and Caching
Published on April 22, 2007.
I spent a whole lotta time today trying to get caching working with CakePHP.
Apparently, CakePHP doesn’t do caching quite as gracefully as Rails when it comes to custom routing, especially in the application root.
Yeah, there’s a bug.
I thought I was doing something wrong though, so it took me forever to find out it was actually a bug (or is it a “feature?”).
Besides that, I got the interface to what it was previously, except with AJAX so that the Craigslist images are only downloaded when you click on a map marker.
I also found that it takes a long time to put a week’s worth of listings (from Ann Arbor, at least) onto the map at once.
I’m guessing there were at least 400 on there.
I made a hard limit to the number of listings that show up, and it loads a lot faster now.
I’m sort of back into the mood for working on this project again.
I finally beat the Scrin campaign (it was really short) in Command and Conquer 3, so I’ll definitely be more focused now. I think.